(Chuu filming the solo scene diligently)
#Now Playing “LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack”
Yves: Do you know how many hours did I sleep last night?
Yves: Just 1 hour~
Yves: I’m peeling a sweet potato for Chuu~
Yves: We have dance practice a lot at dawn before filming a music video.
Yves: It seems like the fatigue is pilled up after that.
Yves: Hey, eat it~
Yves: Because I peeled it all for you.
(Chuu eating really well!)
Yves: Would you want some more?
Yves: But eat slowly~
Chuu: Ah~ I’m so touched!
Chuu: It feels like a gold!
Chuu: GOLD!
Yves: It was good, right?
(Suddenly LOOΠΔ theatre of situations started!)
Chuu: Younggi’s mom got some pumpkin potatoes from the farm…
Yves: Mother~!
Yves: It’s pumpkin sweet potato, not pumpkin potato!
Chuu: Yes~ the pumpkin sweet potato~
Chuu: PUMPKIN SWEET POTATO!
CHUU: P U M P K I N !
CHUU: P U M P K I N  S W E E T  P O T A T O ! !
(We didn’t expected that she’s good at it like this…)
Yves: Time to eat~
Chuu: Yes~
Chuu: Mm~
Chuu: Yummy!